Frequently Asked Questions | CenterWell Pharmacy


Frequently asked questions (FAQ)
Afterpay


What is Afterpay?

Afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases now and pay for them over time. Customers using the pay-in-4 option
complete paying for their purchase in 4 interest-free installments over 6 weeks. See Afterpay’s installment agreement for complete
terms or learn more at Afterpay.com.


How do I use Afterpay?

If you have an outstanding balance, you can select Continue to Afterpay in the Outstanding balance screen, and we’ll take
you to Afterpay’s website to sign in or create your Afterpay account. Add your debit card, credit card or bank account information
to your Afterpay account if you haven’t already. Make your first payment, then pay the rest in 3 more interest-free installments every 2
weeks. See Afterpay’s installment agreement for complete terms or learn more at Afterpay.com.
You can set up your Afterpay payment plan to auto-charge so you never miss a payment. Afterpay also sends payment reminders via
text and email before each date. For more details, visit Afterpay’s website.

Note: Afterpay isn’t available in the CenterWell Pharmacy® mobile app right now.


Where can I find out more about Afterpay?

If you have a question about your Afterpay transaction, please contact Afterpay directly. You can submit a question online or chat in
the Afterpay app. For more information, please visit Afterpay’s FAQ page.

Contact us


How can I get help from a pharmacist?

The best way to reach a pharmacist is by calling us at 800-379-0092 (TTY: 711), Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., and Saturday, 8 a.m.
– 6:30 p.m., Eastern time. Calls are answered based on the severity or complexity of the issue.
For any urgent matters related to your medications, our team of 600+ experienced pharmacists are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week.


How do I contact CenterWell Pharmacy® or CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy®?

You can contact CenterWell Pharmacy by visiting CenterWellPharmacy.com/support or using the mobile app. You can also contact
CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy by visiting CenterWellSpecialtyPharmacy.com/support. If you have any additional questions not
answered on this page, please contact us with the following information:
CenterWell Pharmacy
800-379-0092 (TTY: 711)
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time
Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time

CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy
800-486-2668 (TTY: 711)
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time
https://www.centerwellpharmacy.com/faq.html


Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time

Medications and order updates


How can I make sure I take my medication safely and correctly?

Our team of pharmacists and nurses will teach you how to take your medications. They will also help you manage potential side effects
and help you avoid potential drug interactions. This support network will make sure all your questions are answered.
If you take a specialty medication, CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy can schedule a home healthcare nurse to administer your medicine
at home. If you take self-injected medications, a specialty nurse can make sure you and/or your caregiver understand your doctor's
directions.

How do I cancel an order?

Currently, you can’t cancel an order online after it’s been processed. If you need to cancel an order, please contact our pharmacy as
soon as possible.

CenterWell Pharmacy
800-379-0092 (TTY: 711)
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time
Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time

CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy
800-486-2668 (TTY: 711)
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time
Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time


How do I check my order status?
All you need is your order number and date of birth and you can check your order status without signing in!
Check your order status


How do I schedule my delivery for specialty medications?

After your new order has been approved and filled, a Customer Care specialist will contact you directly to schedule your specialty
medication delivery. For refill orders, a Customer Care specialist will reach out when your refill is ready to ship to schedule a delivery
date that works best for you.


How long does it take to receive my medications through the mail?

New prescriptions and refills generally take 5–7 business days with expedited shipping or 10–14 business days with standard shipping.
Please note: If we have to contact you or your prescriber about your order, delivery may take longer.
For specialty medications, you will receive a call to confirm the order before your shipment is scheduled. If you have an email address
on file, you will receive a shipping confirmation email with an order number. Use that number to follow your package from our
pharmacy to your home, doctor’s office or specific requested location.

How much specialty medication will I receive?

It's common for your prescriber to adjust your specialty medications based on your condition and how you respond to treatment. Most
specialty medications are dispensed in 30-day supplies, so adjustments can be made quickly.


What if I need an emergency order of my specialty medication?

During regular business hours, a Customer Care specialist can make urgent shipping arrangements. Shipping fees may apply. However,
shipping fees don’t apply to overnight orders or Saturday shipping. At other times, follow the directions on CenterWell Specialty
Pharmacy's toll-free automated line.
https://www.centerwellpharmacy.com/faq.html


Toll-free phone number: 800-486-2668 (TTY: 711)
Customer Care specialists are available to receive your call Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., and Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern
time.


What if my specialty order is late or missing?

If you don't receive your order on schedule, contact CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy at 800-486-2668 (TTY: 711). A Customer Care
specialist can assist you during regular business hours: Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., and Saturday 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern
time.


What should I do if my medications have changed?

Currently, you can’t update your medications online. Please call us if any of your medications have changed. Having your most up-todate medication list allows our pharmacists to screen for possible drug interactions or duplicate therapies. It's just another step we take
to protect your health and well-being.

CenterWell Pharmacy
800-379-0092 (TTY: 711)
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time
Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time

CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy
800-486-2668 (TTY: 711)
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time
Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time


What should I do with my unused or expired medications?

It is recommended that you don't flush unused or expired medications because they may contaminate the water supply. Check your
prescription information for proper disposal techniques.


When can I refill my specialty medication?

A Customer Care specialist will call to schedule your next delivery. That way, you never have to worry about remembering to refill in
time.
Refill your medications now 

Other


How can I get over-the-counter products?
Depending on your plan, you can still order your over-the-counter (OTC) products online from CenterWell Pharmacy. Your OTC

balance will stay the same. To see if you have this benefit, sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account, and you’ll see your “over-thecounter (OTC) allowance” and Shop OTC Products underneath the top navigation bar.
Learn more about OTC products 
View the full OTC catalog and order form 


Should I download the CenterWell Pharmacy mobile app?

Yes, we recommend downloading the CenterWell Pharmacy mobile app for free from the App Store® or Google Play™. The app is a
convenient way to manage prescriptions, view refill status, track orders, receive med reminders and make changes to your account.

https://www.centerwellpharmacy.com/faq.html


CenterWell Pharmacy is an online, mail-delivery pharmacy that helps manage your maintenance prescription medication with


What is CenterWell Pharmacy?

convenient delivery to your home or a location of your choice.

Prescriptions


Can I transfer a prescription from another pharmacy to CenterWell Pharmacy?

Yes, you can. Transferring your prescription to CenterWell Pharmacy is easy and convenient. Skip the trip to the store and get started
right now. You can transfer prescriptions to CenterWell Pharmacy online, with our mobile app, by phone or mail.

Online: Sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account. From there, you can begin the transfer process by selecting Transfer Rx
from the drop-down menu under My Rx. If you have prescriptions available to transfer, select Show me, then follow the prompts to
transfer your prescription. If you have a MyHumana account, you'll use the same username and password to sign in to your CenterWell
Pharmacy account.

Mobile app: Download our CenterWell Pharmacy app from the App Store or Google Play. You can complete your transfer
prescription request by selecting ﻿Transfer Rx as guest from the home screen or signing in to the app. In both cases, you’ll be
asked to take a photo of your prescription label and verify your prescription information before completing your transfer request.

Phone: Call our toll-free automated system 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, at 800-379-0092 (TTY: 711). Follow the directions and
transfer an existing prescription request by phone.

Mail: Download the registration and prescription order form and mail it to:
CenterWell Pharmacy
P.O. Box 745099
Cincinnati, OH 45274-5099
Be sure to include the following items:
Original paper prescription
Registration and prescription order form
Payment information

You should expect your medication 7–10 business days after your prescriber confirms your prescription.


How do I refill a prescription with CenterWell Pharmacy?
You can refill your prescription in the following ways:

Go online: If you have your prescription number(s), you can refill your prescriptions on the CenterWell Pharmacy homepage.
Otherwise, you can sign in to your account using your MyHumana or CenterWell Pharmacy username and password. You’ll be taken to
your prescription dashboard or homepage. Select the Refill button next to your prescription and follow the prompts to complete your
order.

We’ll call you: For your convenience, CenterWell Pharmacy will call you by phone when a refill becomes available as the default
communication method. Follow the instructions and submit your refill order by phone. Then complete the following steps:
Say "yes" or "no" to each medication name available for refill
Verify or enter your credit or debit card
Confirm your shipping address
Note that you can always update your communication preferences to email or text when signed into your CenterWell Pharmacy
account.
https://www.centerwellpharmacy.com/faq.html


Call us: Use our toll-free automated system 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, at 800-379-0092 (TTY: 711). Follow the directions and
submit your refill order by phone.


By mobile app: Download our CenterWell Pharmacy app from the App Store or Google Play. Once you sign in, you should see
which medications are available to refill on the dashboard. Select the medications you’d like to refill and then select Add to cart.
Once you’re in the cart, you can review your order and select Place order to order your refills.


How do I submit a new prescription to CenterWell Pharmacy?
There are 3 ways that you can start a new prescription request with CenterWell Pharmacy: online, phone or mail.

Online: Sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account and select Fill a new prescription from the homepage. Enter your
prescription details and your prescriber’s information, if necessary, and submit. If you have a MyHumana account, you'll use the same
username and password to sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account.

Phone: Call our toll-free automated system 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, at 800-379-0092 (TTY: 711). Follow the directions and
submit your new prescription request by phone.

Mail: Download the registration and prescription order form and mail it to:
CenterWell Pharmacy P.O. Box 745099 Cincinnati, OH 45274-5099
Be sure to include the following items:
Original paper prescription
Registration and prescription order form
Payment information

You should expect your medicine 7–10 business days after your prescriber confirms your prescription.

Pricing


Can I pay for my specialty medications by check or money order?

If you are paying by check or money order, please make the payment out to CenterWell Pharmacy or CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy.


How are the prices of my prescriptions determined?

The cost of your medications is determined when they’re processed. It’s based on your pharmacy beneﬁts and the quantity, strength
and dosage of the medicine.


How do I pay for my medication or an outstanding balance?

You can pay with a debit, credit, health savings account (HSA) or flexible spending account (FSA) card. Your payment options for orders
placed through the mail include those listed above and personal checks or money orders. For orders placed over the phone, you can
pay by credit card or check. If you’re a Humana member, write your Humana member ID number on all checks and money orders.
Please don’t send cash. Contact us to discuss your options if you cannot afford your medications.
You can pay an outstanding bill in the following ways:

Online: Sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account and select the Outstanding balance link from your dashboard.If you want
to use Afterpay as a form of payment, you can select Continue to Afterpay in the Outstanding balance screen, and we’ll
direct you to Afterpay’s website. From there, follow the prompts to sign in or create your Afterpay account, and you’ll be guided to
make your first payment, then you’ll pay the remaining balance in 3 more interest-free installments every 2 weeks. See Afterpay’s
installment agreement for complete terms or learn more at Afterpay.com.

Mobile app: Sign in to the free CenterWell Pharmacy app and select the Account tab at the bottom of the screen. You can edit or
add a debit or credit card to your account from there.

https://www.centerwellpharmacy.com/faq.html


Phone: Call our pharmacy at 800-379-0092 (TTY: 711), Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 11 p.m., and Saturday, 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.,
Eastern time.


If you have a specialty medication, we’ll contact you by phone to discuss payment options.


How do I pay for my order?

You can pay with a debit, credit, health savings account (HSA) or flexible spending account (FSA) card. You can also pay by personal
check, check by phone or money order.
If you have an outstanding balance on your CenterWell Pharmacy account, you can use Afterpay as a form of payment. To do this,
select Continue to Afterpay in the Outstanding balance screen, and we’ll direct you to Afterpay’s website. From there,
follow the prompts to sign in or create your Afterpay account, and you’ll be guided to make your first payment, then you’ll pay the
remaining balance in 3 more interest-free installments every 2 weeks. See Afterpay’s installment agreement for complete terms or
learn more at Afterpay.com.

How much will my specialty medication cost?

You may not learn the cost of your specialty medication until we fill your prescription because drug prices and coverage may change.
The actual cost of the drug is determined by your prescription drug benefit, quantity, strength and/or dosage of the medicine, and the
order in which you purchase your prescriptions.
After you submit a request for a new specialty medication—or submit a refill order—a benefits specialist will review your insurance
benefits. They will then reach out to you to discuss the price of your medication(s) and any potential financial assistance options.
Benefits specialists work closely with foundations, drug manufacturers and community resources to provide your medications at the
lowest possible cost. They'll even help you fill out the paperwork!
You will not be charged until you learn—and agree to—the cost of your medication. You can decline the medication if the price is too
high.
Learn more about our financial assistance program 


What are my payment options if I have a secondary payer for specialty medications?

Let us know if you have another payer for your specialty medications. We'll need to verify that CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy can
coordinate with your program. If we can coordinate with your program, a CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy team member will call you to
discuss your options.


What if I can't afford the price of my specialty medication?

Our benefits specialists work closely with foundations, drug manufacturers and community resources to provide your medications at
the lowest possible cost. If the price of your medicine is still too high after financial assistance is applied, you may decline the
medication. You will not be charged until you agree to the price.


What is a secondary payer?
A primary payer is responsible for paying a claim—meaning they pay first when a claim is filed. A secondary payer can pick up the
difference if a primary payer doesn't cover the full cost.
Secondary payers are often brought in to help cover the high cost of specialty medications. Many states offer state pharmaceutical
assistance programs to help residents pay for their medications. In some instances, Medicaid can also be used to cover drug costs.

If you're interested in learning more about the resources available to help pay for your specialty medications, our dedicated financial
support team may be able to help.
Learn more about our financial support team 

Services and benefits


Can I get my infusion therapy administered at home?
For certain infusion therapies, you and your healthcare team may decide to receive your treatments in the comfort of your home.

CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy offers home infusion therapies, where a skilled home infusion nurse can visit you in your home when
it's convenient for you.
Learn more about home infusion therapy 

https://www.centerwellpharmacy.com/faq.html


Our care team offers personalized support by reviewing your treatment plan to help minimize possible side effects and eliminate
potential food or drug interactions. We’ll also monitor your adherence to your therapy.


Do you offer any additional support for specialty pharmacy customers?

Learn about clinical support 


What if I can't afford specialty therapies?

We understand that specialty therapies are expensive and want to help ease that burden. CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy helps connect
patients to programs that can provide financial assistance.
Learn more about our dedicated financial team
Learn more about our dedicated financial team 


What is a Center of Excellence?

CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy offers an enhanced experience for cancer, neuromuscular disorders, lung conditions and rare diseases.
The Cancer Center of Excellence, Neuromuscular Center of Excellence, Pulmonary Center of Excellence and Rare Disease Center of
Excellence offer a dedicated team of pharmacists, nurses, clinicians and financial specialists to help you manage every aspect of your
treatment—all from home. Together, they'll address side effects, monitor dosage and medication interactions, and answer any
questions.
Learn more about the Cancer Center of Excellence 
Learn more about the Neuromuscular Center of Excellence 
Learn more about the Pulmonary Center of Excellence 
Learn more about Rare Disease Center of Excellence 

Specialty Pharmacy


Does Humana own CenterWell Pharmacy and CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy?
Yes, CenterWell Pharmacy and CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy are brands of Humana Inc.


What do I do if I'm also taking other non-specialty medications?

CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy's dedicated team of specialty pharmacists offers personalized outreach to help maximize the outcomes
of your therapy in the following ways:
Providing instructions on how to correctly take your medication(s), including injection techniques and storage requirements
Conducting confidential reviews to ensure that any other medicine or supplement you are taking doesn't interact with your
treatment(s)


What is a specialty medicine?

Specialty medications are more complex than the medications you get at a regular retail pharmacy. They often have specific storage
and shipping requirements—such as refrigeration—or are simply not stocked at most retail pharmacies. They are typically expensive and
are designed to treat chronic or complex conditions such as HIV and AIDS, cancer and rheumatoid arthritis.
Specialty medications can also be more complicated to take. Patients need to learn exactly how and when to take them to be most
effective. At CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy, our dedicated pharmacists and nurses teach you how to take your medications safely to
get the best results possible.
Learn more about the treatments CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy offers 


What is CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy?

CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy is a mail-order specialty pharmacy offering support services to help you manage your condition. Our
network of pharmacists, nurses, clinicians and financial specialists meet you where you are and provide the support you need to
achieve the best possible treatment outcome.

https://www.centerwellpharmacy.com/faq.html



2-step login


Can I opt out of 2-factor authentication?
No. This is an important part of your account security, and it only takes a few minutes to complete before signing in.


Can someone help me set up 2-factor authentication?
Yes. We have a team of experts who can help.

Please call us at 855-255-9315 (TTY: 711), Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time, and Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern
time.


What is 2-factor authentication and why is it necessary?

It’s important to set up 2-factor authentication to be sure you’re protected on every device you use, whether that’s your mobile phone,
tablet, desktop or laptop.
For example, if someone does get your password, they won’t be able to access your account with 2-factor authentication because they
will need to know the code sent to you.


What should I do if I didn’t receive my code?
Check your spam folder if your code was sent to you via email.

If you didn’t get a text or email within 5 minutes, you’ll need to request another code by selecting the Resend code link when setting
up 2-factor authentication.


Why am I getting an error message about my email address?
You must use an email address that is unique to you. You can’t use an email address that is used by another customer.


Why am I getting an error message that my code is invalid?
Each code expires after 5 minutes, so you may get an error message if you use an expired code.
Select the Resend code link to request a new code when you’re setting up 2-factor authentication.
